refactor: deprecate fillna and dropna api (#9300)
ibis-project/ibis: docs/tutorials/ibis-for-pandas-users.qmd

```{python}
no_null_peng = penguins.fill_null(dict(bill_depth_mm=0, bill_length_mm=0))
```

### Replacing `NULL`s

> The Ibis equivalent of pandas `fillna` is `filnull`, this method allows you to specify a replacement value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ibis equivalent of pandas `fillna` is `fill_null`, this method allows you to specify a replacement value
```
